well howdy there internet people it is
Bo again I know what people are
expecting me to talk about before we
talk about that I want to talk about a
story from the Vietnam War having there
in the Battle of Saigon there's a
Vietcong trooper and he's hurt bad bad
his belly's opened so to keep everything
where it's supposed to be kind of he
straps a bowl to himself goes on
fighting for three days like that
killing American troops eventually the
GIS catch up to him
produced one of the most iconic photos
of the Vietnam War and there they are
three of them m16s at the little ready
right ready to kill this guy no hold one
of these wannabes because even in the
middle of the worst year the worst
fighting of the worst war this country
has ever seen they still have the
humanity to give their opposition water
I know right now somebody's going up bow
that that's from a movie no Coppola put
that in his movie because he saw the
photo the photo was taken by a guy named
Philip J Griffiths actually happened I
think people would expect me to rail
about the 90 minutes
that this little girl waited for medical
attention cuz a lot can happen in 90
minutes you can pump a lot of fluid into
somebody in 90 minutes an emergency
medicine situation ninety minutes is the
difference between life and death but
that's not what I want to talk about I
want to talk about the inhuman garbage
that works for border patrol that goes
around and dumps these out see
volunteers leave canteens little stashes
of water along these routes and border
patrol dumps them out actually take
videos of it because it's funny when
this broke I saw those videos the first
time was a while ago couldn't help but
be reminded of those videos to get
posted to YouTube by teenagers or
they're torturing the autistic kid in
the class or whatever I guess those kids
don't change they grew up joined Border
Patrol and I know right now seeing
that's somebody somebody's out there
going well no it's it's to deter the bad
elements well genius the bad elements
the healthy people the men you're
worried about they can make it three
days without water who you're killing
and if you've done this yeah you've
killed somebody maybe not this girl but
somebody else her bones are out in the
desert who you're killing well it's the
elderly the sick and the kids you proud
of yourself
here's the thing you cannot deter the
drive for safety no wall no razor wire
no machine-gun nest no landmines is
going to stop the drive for safety for
freedom for opportunity it's not going
to happen the human spirit will find a
way
you're gonna build a 30-foot wall 35
foot ladders there 450 bucks on Amazon
if you got Prime they shipped for free
you're gonna need to fix fortifications
our monument to the stupidity of man if
you work for border patrol you need to
quit because eventually this
administration is going to leave office
and you are going to be held accountable
dumping these out in the statute what
that's called is depraved indifference
your badge is not gonna protect you from
that you need to quit you need to turn
in your resignation just following
orders isn't gonna cut it last time
people use that defense we hung them and
we don't do that anymore sadly
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night